Grade
1) Where do you live during the semester? Please select all.
2) Recently, how many hours did you sleep each day in a week, on average?
3) Recently, I go to bed and wake up around the same time every school day (1 - Completely disagree to 5  - Completely agree, 3 is neutral)
4) I tend to have good energy levels (1 - Completely disagree to 5  - Completely agree, 3 is neutral)
5) Recently, I have had a loss of appetite ( 1 - Completely disagree to 5  - Completely agree, 3 is neutral)
6) I tend to eat reasonably healthy foods (1 - Completely disagree to 5  - Completely agree, 3 is neutral)
7) Recently, I have eaten more unhealthy food than usual (1 - Completely disagree to 5  - Completely agree,)
8) How long have you been exercising a week?
9) Recently, I have exercised less than normal (1 - Completely disagree to 5  - Completely agree, 3 is no change)
10) Recently, I feel more fatigued (tired) than normal (1 - Completely disagree to 5  - Completely agree, 3 is neutral)
11) I tend to have reasonably good concentration (1 - Completely disagree to 5  - Completely agree)
12) Recently, I have struggled to concentrate (1 - Completely disagree to 5  - Completely agree, 3 is neutral)
13) I tend to have reasonable self-esteem (i.e. confidence in my own abilities/worth) (1 - Completely disagree to 5  - Completely agree)
14) Recently, my self-esteem has been lower than normal (1 - Completely disagree to 5  - Completely agree,)
15)  I tend to have good relationships with my family/friends (1 - Completely disagree to 5  - Completely agree)
16) Recently, I have been having friendship/relationship problems (1 - Completely disagree to 5  - Completely agree)
17) Which of the following is likely to cause you to feel stressed? (tick all that apply)
18) Do you have any ways to release stress? (e.g. meditation)
19) Do you have someone you can talk to about personal thoughts?
20) Do you think you spent sufficient time with your family over the last few weeks? (Virtual meetings also)
21) Recently, how often do you meet with other people for purposes aside from school?
22) Recently, how satisfied have you been with your lifestyle?
23) To what extent do you think that mental health care education should be considered seriously?
24) I am able to cope with sudden stress.